{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
Free Range IPA\
\
Leghorn Lager\
\
Brahma Dark Lager\
\
Lohmann Session IPA\
\
ISA Brown Ale\
\
Rhode Island Red Ale\
\
Silkie Stout\
\
Sussex Sour\
\
\
\
\
About us:\
\
Gray Ridge Brewing started back in 1934 before craft beer was \'93cool\'94. We are still a family owned and run brewery! Our family heritage lies in eggs, which makes a brewery a bit of a stretch, right? Nope! We believe in sustainability and what\'92s more sustainable than chickens? Being able to brew your own beer!\
We started selling our bottled beer out of our farm house. Word quickly spread and we became very successful back then. We remain successful now and attribute it all to our secret original family recipe!\
Our brew masters have been raised on the brewery-farm their whole lives and live and breathe to bring you the best beers season after season, year after year. Check in often to see what our brew masters have in store next!\
We are proud to be leaders in the industry when it comes to sustainability eco friendly practices. We bring all returned bottles back to our facilities in Ridgetown, Ontario where they go through a rigorous cleaning and sanitization treatment.\
Drop in weekdays between 12 and 6pm, and weekends between 11 and 9pm for a guided brewey tour! Or relax with a cold beer poured in our farmhouse taproom. Dogs welcome!\
\
Products:\
\
h6>LAGER</h6>\
					<h2>Longhorn Lager</h2>\
					<p>Ideal for sunny days, or anytime, really! The Longhorn Lager is a light and refreshing beer, enjoyed by beer drinkers of all walks of life. Nice and light, our Leghorn Lager sits at 4IBU and 4.5% ABV.\
\
<h6>IPA</h6>\
					<h2>Free Range IPA</h2>\
					<p>The Free Range IPA is a smooth and easy drinking full-flavoured beer. A subtle hint of refreshing citrus flavours will delight your tastebuds. The Free Range IPA sits at 68IBU and 6.2%ABV.</p>\
\
<h6>ALE</h6>\
					<h2>Rhode Island Red Ale</h2>\
					<p>Our Rhode Island Red Ale is a beautiful red colour and is full-flavored, hoppy, and buttery with a crisp finish. The Rhode Island Red has an ABV of 5.0% and the IBU sits at 23.</p>\
\
<h6>STOUT</h6>\
					<h2>Silkie Stout</h2>\
					<p>Named after the cutest chickens in all the land (seriousky, look up the Silkies! We promise your heart will melt), this Stout is just a smootha and soft as it's namesake. It is an American Stout and sits at 7.3% ABV with 50IBU. </p>\
\
\
\
\
AWARDS:\
\
\
2006: Favourite Local Craft Brewery: Chatham-Kent\
\
2009: Lager of the Year: Canada-wide, Favourite Local Craft Brewery: Chatham-Kent\
\
2011: Best small batch brewery: Ontario Favourite Local Craft Brewery: Chatham-Kent\
\
2012: Environment Leadership award, Lager of the Year, Favourite Local Craft Brewery: Chatham-Kent\
\
2013: Favourite Local Craft Brewery: Chatham-Kent\
\
2014-2017: Favourite Local Craft Brewery: Chatham-Kent\
\
2018: Favourite Local Craft Brewery: Chatham-Kent\
\
2019: Favourite Local Craft Brewery: Chatham-Kent, Best IPA: Canada-wide, Lager of the year: Canada Wide \
\
SIZES:\
\
- main header\
	width: 1690px\
	height: 220px\
\
- hero image\
	width: 1690px\
	height: 450px\
\
- hero img 2 (only on AWARDS page)\
	width: 1100px;\
	height: 450px;\
\
- section container 2\
	width: 1100px\
	height: dependant upon content\
\
- section container 3 \
	width: 980px;\
	height: dependant upon content\
\
- footer \
	width: 1690px\
	height: 220p\
\
- contact page box-area\
	width: 1300px\
	height: dependant upon content\
\
- contact page \'91find us\'92\
	height: 700px\
	width: 800px\
\
- contact page map area\
	height: 700px\
	width: 800px\
\
- footer social nav \
	width: 200px\
	height: 50px\
\
- footer nav \
	width: 480px\
	height: 50px
\fs48 \

\fs24 \
\
}